Documentation for Proj0500 and Proj0501 (#89)
dotnet-project-file-analyzers/dotnet-project-file-analyzers.github.io: rules/Proj0500.md

---
parent: Licening
ancestor: Rules
---

# Proj0500: Only include packages with an explicitly defined license
Using a [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org) (third-party) package implies that you
and/or your company explicitly agree with the legally binding conditions of the

> license and the copyright of the onwer of the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
license and the copyright of the owner of the package.
```

As Microsoft states it itself:
> If a package does not specify the licensing terms, contact the package owner
> directly using the Contact owners link on the [NuGet.org](https://www.nuget.org)
> package page. Microsoft does not license any intellectual property to you
> from third party package providers and is not responsible for information
> provided by third parties.

> When you use packages that are only (privatly) shared without your company

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you use packages that are only (privately) shared within your company
```

> When you use packages that are only (privately) shared within your company

Reviewer: Is the "only" necessary?

Reviewer 3: I think so

> those packages are advised to also come with an explicitly defined license. You

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
those packages are advised to explicitly define a license. You
```

might need to contact your legal department to define a proper license.

> This rules can detect missing licenses in NuGet spec files, but can not be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule can detect missing licenses in NuGet spec files, but can not be
```

> This rules can spot lacking licenses in NuGet spec files, but can not be be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This rules can spot lacking licenses in NuGet spec files, but can not be
```

> This rules can spot lacking licenses in NuGet spec files, but can not be be

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This rules can detect missing licenses in NuGet spec files, but can not be be
```

> considered legal advise, nor is this documentation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
considered legal advice, nor is this documentation.
```
